Document withProductAddedPopIn deprecation (#739)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/migration/manual-migration.mdx

  transfered to `useTrackPage` and `useProductPage` hooks
- Loading state management is done directly at route loader level

#### `withTrackOnMount` HOC depreciation

`withTrackOnMount` has been deprecated in favor of a new hook `useTrackOnMount`.
The new hook has a slightly different signature:

- `isResolvedFromProps`, previously a function, parameter has been replaced with
  `hasResolved` which is now a boolean
- `mapPropsToProperties`, previously a function, has been renamed to
  `createProperties` but is otherwise unchanged
- `shouldMountEvent`, `shouldUpdateEvent` and `trackEvent` have been left

>   unchanged.

Reviewer: I'm curious how a table would look, for example:

| old prop             | new prop         | prop type  |
|----------------------|------------------|------------|
| isResolvedFromProps  | hasResolved      | `boolean`  |
| mapPropsToProperties | createProperties | `function` |

`shouldUpdateEvent` and `trackEvent` have been left
  unchanged.

Author: Indeed, should look good. I'll give it a try.

Author: Wait... This change shouldn't be there. It has been done in https://github.com/front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com/commit/44e18f9df7c6a66ccb5515556a46a3209053b2eb, which is on `next already`.

Author: Rebased on next, change is gone indeed.

```jsx

> // Before (HOC)
> withTrackOnMount({
>   event: "Product Viewed",
>   isResolvedFromProps: (props) => !props.loading && props.product,
>   mapPropsToProperties: (props) => {
>     const finalPrice = props.product?.prices?.finalPrice?.priceInclTax?.value;
>     return {
>       sku: props.product.sku,
>       name: props.product.name,
>       price: finalPrice?.amount,
>       currency: finalPrice?.currency,
>     };
>   },
> });
> 
> // After (Hook)
> useTrackOnMount({
>   event: "Product Viewed",
>   hasResolved: !props.loading && Boolean(props.product),
>   createProperties: () => {
>     const finalPrice = props.product?.prices?.finalPrice?.priceInclTax?.value;
>     return {
>       sku: props.product?.sku,
>       name: props.product?.name,
>       price: finalPrice?.amount,
>       currency: finalPrice?.currency,
>     };
>   },
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Before (HOC)
// remove-start
withTrackOnMount({
  event: "Product Viewed",
  isResolvedFromProps: (props) => !props.loading && props.product,
  mapPropsToProperties: (props) => {
    const finalPrice = props.product?.prices?.finalPrice?.priceInclTax?.value;
    return {
      sku: props.product.sku,
      name: props.product.name,
      price: finalPrice?.amount,
      currency: finalPrice?.currency,
    };
  },
});
// remove-end

// After (Hook)
// add-start
useTrackOnMount({
  event: "Product Viewed",
  hasResolved: !props.loading && Boolean(props.product),
  createProperties: () => {
    const finalPrice = props.product?.prices?.finalPrice?.priceInclTax?.value;
    return {
      sku: props.product?.sku,
      name: props.product?.name,
      price: finalPrice?.amount,
      currency: finalPrice?.currency,
    };
  },
});
// add-end
```

```

#### `withProductTracking` replaced with `useProductTracking`

Similarly, the page-based HOC `withProductTracking` has been completely removed,
in favor of a new `useProductTracking` hook.

If you used this HOC in your code, you will have to replace it by calling
`useProductTracking` in the component the HOC was previously used on.
`useProductTracking` only takes the product as parameter.

#### `withProductAddedPopIn` removed

> The HOC `withProductAddedPopIn` that has been completely removed, in favor of
> using a `useState`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HOC `withProductAddedPopIn` has been completely removed, in favor of
using a local `useState` inside the `Product` component.
```
